for less stay with people truth I
I want to show this folding lantern
from the American manufacturer
I picked up is a candle lantern that is
completely folding that you have now
same closed a height of about 11
centimeters and a diameter of about five
centimeters and a half but interesting that
is a flashlight that we would take it out and
takes off completely getting a
height of about 16 centimeters and a half
best
take a practical here to a practice
handle and a hook this flashlight comes very
well for example we are some shelter
any tent that the
we would place inside because it gives a
intensity of 20 lumens and a power
let's say heat of about 1920 has a
weight of 227 grams now carries within
a candle that is of this type of candle
has the candle an approximate duration of
nine hours but now the question what
type of candle
we are going to use although we have to use the
candles of the manufacturer euros we will fix
here we would take out the container
has a characteristic of this evening
here this candle has a capacity one
capacity a duration of 9 hours this
it would be the same has a duration of 9
hours but in citronella and this would be
bee that would have an intensity of some
12 a duration of 12 hours better done
spinning here
we would take out the dock
and a plaza that would give access to the candle
because that way the dock will always be
pressing the candle and we always go to
leave a light intensity
constant
with this we also get that not
they detach us to do when turning and
here we would leave this
we have to do to change the shell
with this we get that always go
the candle pulling up that does not
do not miss the wax and consummate
far better to put the candle
tour let's say
it's a flashlight that weighs a little alone
227 grams and to put it in our
tent comes in handy or
packing shelter we also have as
spare the neoprene cover for your
transport
what would this accessory be for someone who
would be what is the theme of the cover that
It is also available on the website
I hope the information is not series
help greetings